content/services/_index.md, before:

---
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
title: "Services"
view: 2
---

## I am passionate about teaching data science to students and professionals, and have been doing so for the last 4+ years. You can read my previous reviews [here](https://www.firsttutors.com/ireland/tutor/nikunj.maths.computer-skills/).

I am based in Dublin, Ireland and I strive to tutor face to face. If my client is not in Dublin, video calls via Skype works well.
Below are some of the tutoring areas that I cover - 

### Data Science projects

A typical data science project involves data gathering, data preprocessing, exploratory data analyses, machine learning, and data visualisation. Depending upon the type of project and your prior level of knowledge/skills, a machine learning project will vary in time to completion.

### Big Data projects

A big data project has basically the same structure as a data science project (see above), but it applies to big datasets which adds to complexity. Added skills are big data architecture such as Hadoop and Spark. One can learn big data analytics on their laptop with a successful installation of Hadoop and Spark, which would be the starting point of such projects.

### General coding

I have been coding since I was 15 years old, and have knowledge of languages such as C, C++, Java, etc. 

If you are interested in availing any of the above services, please contact me for a free initial consultation using the form [here]({{< ref "/#contact" >}}). Provide as much information as possible and I will get back to you within 24 hours. If I believe I can cover what you require, I will take on the tutoring task. I have never taken on a project which I think I will not be able to finish.

## __DISCLAIMER__ I only tutor part-time as I have a full time job. At no point will I mix data/code from tutoring with my work and vice-versa. Any software code provided by me is for tutoring purpose only, and I claim no responsibility of the code's implementation in production environment.

Commit message:

Modified services page, added rate

content/services/_index.md, after:

---
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
title: "Services"
view: 2
---

### I am passionate about teaching data science to students and professionals, and have been doing so for the last 4+ years. You can read my previous reviews [here](https://www.firsttutors.com/ireland/tutor/nikunj.maths.computer-skills/).

I am based in Dublin, Ireland and I strive to tutor face to face. If my client is not in Dublin, video calls via Skype works well.

__Pricing__ - €50/hr per session

Online session - Payment required prior to the session

In-person session - Payment required onsite

Below are some of the tutoring areas I cover - 

### Data Science projects

A typical data science project involves data gathering, data preprocessing, exploratory data analyses, machine learning, and data visualisation. Depending upon the type of project and your prior level of knowledge/skills, a machine learning project will vary in time to completion.

### Big Data projects

A big data project has basically the same structure as a data science project (see above), but it applies to big datasets which adds to complexity. Added skills are big data architecture such as Hadoop and Spark. One can learn big data analytics on their laptop with a successful installation of Hadoop and Spark, which would be the starting point of such projects.

### General coding

I have been coding since I was 15 years old, and have knowledge of scripting languages such as C, C++, Java, Perl, etc. and advanced knowledge of and experience with R and Python.

If you are interested in availing any of the above services, please contact me for a free initial consultation using the form [here]({{< ref "/#contact" >}}). Please provide as much information as possible and I will get back to you within 24 hours. If I believe I can cover what you require, I will take on the tutoring task. I have 100% success rate in project completions till date (I even completed my PhD thesis 1 week before deadline!).

### __DISCLAIMER__ I only tutor part-time as I have a full time job. At no point will I mix data/code from tutoring with my work and vice-versa. Any software code provided by me is for tutoring purpose only, and I claim no responsibility of the code's implementation in production environment.
