content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: My research interests include application of machine learning in `Big Data` analytics, and teaching data science with `R` and `Python`.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Computational Infection Biology
    institution: University College Dublin, Ireland
    year: 2013-2017
  - course: MSc in Bioinformatics
    institution: Kings College London, UK
    year: 2011-2012
  - course: BTech in Bioinformatics
    institution: SASTRA University, India
    year: 2007-2011
email: "datasciencenik@gmail.com"
interests:
- Machine learning
- Big Data analytics
- Bioinformatics
name: Nikunj Maheshwari
organizations:
- name: Bank of Ireland
  url: "https://www.bankofireland.com"
role: Analytics Manager
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/drnikunj/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/nik-maheshwari
superuser: true
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nikunj Maheshwari works as a manager in Data Science and Analytics department of Group Internal Audit at Bank of Ireland, Dublin. Prior to this role, he was a software developer/data scientist at [NIBRT](https://www.nibrt.ie), working on application of big data analytics in biopharmaceutical manufacturing. Before NIBRT, he developed predictive pathogenic risk models for 5 leading Irish food manufacturers, which is under patent processing.

Nikunj holds a PhD in Computational Infection Biology where he computationally mined for lanthipeptide `antimicrobial` peptides from ~3000 `bacterial` genomes. He studied these peptide's evolution over time and between different bacterial taxonomy. The genome mining pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/nik-maheshwari/genome-mining). His other research projects include prediction of protein-protein interaction (during his Masters) and development of a [webserver](https://www.jpsr.pharmainfo.in/Documents/Volumes/vol3Issue12/jpsr%2003111204.pdf) to predict classes of snake `toxins`.

Apart from working full time, Nikunj enjoys `teaching` data science and computer science fundamentals to students and professionals. You can check out his public profile [here](https://www.firsttutors.com/ireland/tutor/nikunj.maths.computer-skills/). Nikunj can help you with your data science assignments/projects, please use the [Contact form](/#contact) for a free consultation.

Commit message:

added Services tab and page

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: My research interests include application of machine learning in `Big Data` analytics, and teaching data science with `R` and `Python`.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Computational Infection Biology
    institution: University College Dublin, Ireland
    year: 2013-2017
  - course: MSc in Bioinformatics
    institution: Kings College London, UK
    year: 2011-2012
  - course: BTech in Bioinformatics
    institution: SASTRA University, India
    year: 2007-2011
email: "datasciencenik@gmail.com"
interests:
- Machine learning
- Big Data analytics
- Bioinformatics
name: Nikunj Maheshwari
organizations:
- name: Bank of Ireland
  url: "https://www.bankofireland.com"
role: Analytics Manager
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/drnikunj/
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/nik-maheshwari
superuser: true
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nikunj Maheshwari works as a manager in Data Science and Analytics department of Group Internal Audit at Bank of Ireland, Dublin. Prior to this role, he was a software developer/data scientist at [NIBRT](https://www.nibrt.ie), working on application of big data analytics in biopharmaceutical manufacturing. Before NIBRT, he developed predictive pathogenic risk models for 5 leading Irish food manufacturers, which is under patent processing.

Nikunj holds a PhD in Computational Infection Biology where he computationally mined for lanthipeptide `antimicrobial` peptides from ~3000 `bacterial` genomes. He studied these peptide's evolution over time and between different bacterial taxonomy. The genome mining pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/nik-maheshwari/genome-mining). His other research projects include prediction of protein-protein interaction (during his Masters) and development of a [webserver](https://www.jpsr.pharmainfo.in/Documents/Volumes/vol3Issue12/jpsr%2003111204.pdf) to predict classes of snake `toxins`.

Apart from working full time, Nikunj enjoys `tutoring` data science and computer science fundamentals to students and professionals. You can check out his public profile [here](https://www.firsttutors.com/ireland/tutor/nikunj.maths.computer-skills/). Nikunj can help you with your data science assignments/projects, please see [Services](/services) for more information or use the [Contact form](/#contact) for a free consultation.
